Simon Wang: Alright, so,
Simon Wang: To follow up what we discussed in the last two weeks, I just want to kind of reiterate our goal
Simon Wang: Our goal is to… So, we put a word here. What is the word?
Simon Wang: Review a government program and make recommendations on how they can blah blah blah. So… What do you think?
Simon Wang: What is the goal here?
Simon Wang: Is to… what is the word?
Simon Wang: Yes, critically review, okay?
Simon Wang: So that's a very important word to keep in mind. We don't just…
Simon Wang: review a government program, we critically review. That means we, assume that the government's program has something
Simon Wang: Wrong, or it's got room for improvement.
Simon Wang: Okay? I think it's safe to assume that a government program always got room for improvement.
Simon Wang: A second point I want to make here is that, we're looking at a program.
Simon Wang: not policy, okay? Because policy can be very broad, right? Like, one country, two systems could be a policy.
Simon Wang: Or the government has the policy to develop the city into an education hub.
Simon Wang: That's a policy. That's a direction.
Simon Wang: But that's not something concrete or specific. We don't have the time and the resources to review a policy. That's too much. We are looking at something more concrete.
Simon Wang: So that's something you have to remember.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: But then there's another blank.
Simon Wang: To clinically review a government program and make recommendations on how they can…
Simon Wang: Yeah, how they can do a better job, right? How they can serve the people better.
Simon Wang: All right? So I hope you can recognize there's a, you know, potential of this course, that our project may become something useful for our society. That might be a good reason for you to spend a little bit more time on this course.
Simon Wang: Yeah, so… so we want to look at something more concrete.
Simon Wang: A program has got some specific goals.
Simon Wang: With funding support, right? So…
Simon Wang: You know, one of the, kind of, things that we want to look at is how much money has been, spent on this program.
Simon Wang: Right? Because when you look at… when you follow the money, look at the figure, then you can do simple math.
Simon Wang: And see how many people have benefited from it, and then, on average, what's the cost per capita, or per person?
Simon Wang: You know, sometimes when you do that math, immediately you see the problem, right? So maybe the program is pretty good, but…
Simon Wang: Not enough people have joined it.
Simon Wang: Okay, that thing in itself is a huge problem.
Simon Wang: Okay? So that's why we want to follow the money. We want to look at how much money has been allocated for that particular program.
Simon Wang: But it's not always easy, right? Because sometimes the department has got a budget for a couple of different things, so it may not be straightforward to actually kind of allocate to specifically locate a figure for a program.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: Alright? But that's something we need to keep in mind.
Simon Wang: Now, when we, start doing our project, hopefully by today, we form all the groups, and we select all the topics, and we start working on the project.
Simon Wang: The very first step is to look at what information is publicly available.
Simon Wang: Alright.
Simon Wang: So, what information is probably available?
Simon Wang: And, obviously, you can search in the internet, you can go to Google, or Bing, or whatever search engine, and you can start.
Simon Wang: put in some keywords, including Hong Kong or Hong Kong government, then you will get some, web pages.
Simon Wang: And that can be useful.
Simon Wang: But today, we're going to learn something… Hopefully, it's new to you.
Simon Wang: But, you know, I think,
Simon Wang: I think you should, you should, you should know this.
Simon Wang: Which is… what do we call Google Site-specific search.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: So, what is Google's site-specific search?
Simon Wang: If you go to Google.
Simon Wang: What you will get…
Simon Wang: It's basically… The result of the entire internet.
Simon Wang: For example, when you search Emergency Alert System.
Simon Wang: The first page you got is actually…
Simon Wang: the off-car page on Emergency Law System in Hong Kong.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: But this may or may not be very useful, because it's very general, right? So Google would return any results on emergency alert system
Simon Wang: That they can find on the internet. Of course, they have their own algorithm to rank the pages, and hopefully they will give us something that's relevant, relevant to the visitors. And of course, I log in, so Google actually knows a little bit about me, they know I'm from Hong Kong, I'm currently in Hong Kong, that's why they put
Simon Wang: The Hong Kong webpage.
Simon Wang: at the top.
Simon Wang: Right?
Simon Wang: But what if we, want something more specific?
Simon Wang: So, the trick is to… Put this site.
Simon Wang: Okay, so there's the word sight.
Simon Wang: And then column, And after that, you need to…
Simon Wang: put a specific domain, for example.
Simon Wang: One of the websites we go to a lot in this course is the Legislative Council website.
Simon Wang: So the Legislative Council website is leggco.gov.hk.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: So, of course, you can, you can visit this website.
Simon Wang: And, you will go to the official website of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.
Simon Wang: But then what you can also do is to put site column, And then let go.
Simon Wang: Okay? But make sure that you don't have the HTTP…
Simon Wang: HTTPs or whatever, just, domain.
Simon Wang: Okay, so this is the trick.
Simon Wang: Does it make sense?
Simon Wang: You put whatever you want to search, the search term, and then site, column, and then the domain.
Simon Wang: When you search for this, Okay, when you search for this.
Simon Wang: the Google will only… the search engine will only return webpages from this particular domain.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: So, as you can see here, when I, do this search.
Simon Wang: I got a much more focused
Simon Wang: Results, although there's still, a lot of results.
Simon Wang: But you can see every single result.
Simon Wang: is from… the Legislative Console website.
Simon Wang: But… Still, there are a lot of, Pages.
Simon Wang: Now, here's the question. What if I want to be more precise? I just want…
Simon Wang: Emergency alert system. Pages on emergency alert system. What can I do?
Simon Wang: Exactly.
Simon Wang: So, we could put quotation, and I don't know whether it's case sensitive. Let's just see how it would work out. So, when you put quotation around.
Simon Wang: And in the site, you will get much more precise results.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: Now, this time, you see, all the documents
Simon Wang: And see, this is much more precise. Now we only got 4 pages.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: So that's much more manageable.
Simon Wang: then, you know, many, many pages.
Simon Wang: Now, this is actually… Leads to a good…
Simon Wang: kind of success story, I would argue.
Simon Wang: Where's my Google Docs?
Simon Wang: Okay, here we go.
Simon Wang: Because… This is a letter.
Simon Wang: that I published.
Simon Wang: I don't remember, it's my publication or my student's publication.
Simon Wang: It's talking about, emergency alert system.
Simon Wang: While the Finance Committee was told that the old system was used 12 times in the 12 months.
Simon Wang: to February 2020, The lawmakers were perhaps not fully informed about the total usage of the system.
Simon Wang: According to the government response to our inquiry under the Code on Access to Information, the government used SMS to disseminate the message 13 times.
Simon Wang: From 2019 to 2020, and 12 times from 2029 to…
Simon Wang: 2010, the system was used only once seen.
Simon Wang: 2021. Now, let's not worry about the second part, you know, codon accessing information is something we can talk about next week.
Simon Wang: I just want to point out that this particular piece of information, which is the system, the old system.
Simon Wang: Was used 12 times in a…
Simon Wang: 12 months to February 2020, this piece of information, you can't really find it online. I mean, you can't find it on newspaper coverage.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: So, the challenge would be, how can you find this piece of information?
Simon Wang: Well, in case you want to know where it has come from, let me…
Simon Wang: Let me see if I can quickly,
Simon Wang: So, so this is, this is the, the letter that,
Simon Wang: My students publish in 2023.
Simon Wang: It's, 3… 3 years ago.
Simon Wang: Okay, two of my students.
Simon Wang: Nope.
Simon Wang: My point is…
Simon Wang: Well, my point is, this piece of information we found it… through the Legislative Council, Site-specific search.
Simon Wang: Okay So, if you go back to… Here… Okay?
Simon Wang: Let me see if I can quickly locate this piece. Yeah, I think it's right here.
Simon Wang: So this document… Okay?
Simon Wang: 2020.
Simon Wang: And, this is a document that the government is trying to apply for 30 billion Hong Kong dollars.
Simon Wang: For the pandemic.
Simon Wang: Okay? Anti-epid… Epidemic Fund.
Simon Wang: Now, in this document, if you search for alert system.
Simon Wang: You can see that among all the Items being applied funding for?
Simon Wang: Emergency alert system is one of them.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: And this is where… We find this piece of information.
Simon Wang: In the last 12 months, the government used this mode of message dissemination 12 times.
Simon Wang: But I think this document is completely misleading.
Simon Wang: Because they didn't mention… the past…
Simon Wang: 12 mid-years. They only talk about 12 months.
Simon Wang: Is that me?
Simon Wang: But, if you want to do research on projects like this, You need to… Locate this document, right?
Simon Wang: This document is the starting point.
Simon Wang: And, and the, the Ofka… You see, if you go back to… the original search.
Simon Wang: If you go to the Ofka website.
Simon Wang: Office of Communication Authority website, and you find… you look at information here about the emergency alert system, they will never tell you
Simon Wang: How many times the system was used, the old system was used.
Simon Wang: You see what I mean?
Simon Wang: So they're not lying.
Simon Wang: You can't say they're lying.
Simon Wang: But they're not disclosing all the information in a straightforward way.
Simon Wang: Alright? So that's why, being able to locate the information using this kind of tricks would be very, useful and important.
Simon Wang: It's the starting point of our research, basically.
Simon Wang: Okay, so… what you need to do today, Before we complete today's lesson, Is to try this trick.
Simon Wang: yourself.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: Once you agree on… The topic for your group to work on.
Simon Wang: then you need to try this Google site-specific search.
Simon Wang: Alright.
Simon Wang: And, we put a… Moodle here. Sorry, it takes me forever to… Log into Moodle.
Simon Wang: So, I would expect you to reply here.
Simon Wang: And, discuss how you use this little technique.
Simon Wang: To do your research for this project.
Simon Wang: Right?
Simon Wang: Hopefully you can do this today.
Simon Wang: This would become part of your reflective learning journals, right? Because later on, we need to write a reflective learning journal, so you can…
Simon Wang: Write about this as one of the points or issues you want to address.
Simon Wang: Okay, so, let's continue our… Attempt to form the groups.
Simon Wang: If you don't know… Where to find these Google Docs?
Simon Wang: You can go to our course website, Week 3.
Simon Wang: And, from here, there's the instructor notes.
Simon Wang: And here, you can open in Google Docs.
Simon Wang: And once you open the Google Docs.
Simon Wang: You see there's, week 3, and under week 3, we have group formation.
Simon Wang: And, topic selection.
Simon Wang: And students taking the course.
Simon Wang: Alright, so…
Simon Wang: we have Group 5. Group 5 seems to be the most, you know, ready group.
Simon Wang: You got a topic, You got the members.
Simon Wang: Full view, right?
Simon Wang: And then… Group 6?
Simon Wang: Here.
Simon Wang: So, have you decided your topic?
Simon Wang: Fire safety, okay. Seems like,
Simon Wang: let's put you down for fire safety for now. If there's another group wanting to do this, we can decide. Maybe each group would, you know.
Simon Wang: Just,
Simon Wang: Like, try a different focus or something.
Simon Wang: Okay, so now we have group 6, we have groups, 1.
Simon Wang: And we have group 5.
Simon Wang: Actually… In total.
Simon Wang: Right, so… it's Chong… wait, wait, so…
Simon Wang: Okay, you are actually group 6, so that means we don't have group… It's too.
Simon Wang: Leo, hi… Oh, sorry, low height… low height home, okay.
Simon Wang: Great, so, let's see, is, oh, lot him here.
Simon Wang: No?
Simon Wang: Is Hoi your friend here? Okay. Do you have a group?
Simon Wang: Who, who are you working with?
Simon Wang: Okay, I will put you under… Group 2, then.
Simon Wang: I know, I know, I… You need a number, right? So, I just put down, group, group 2.
Simon Wang: So, have you decided, Switch, which…
Simon Wang: Oh, you only do fire, too? Okay.
Simon Wang: Can you tell me, which,
Simon Wang: Who, who are you working with?
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: Is Hoi Lam here?
Simon Wang: Do you have a group?
Simon Wang: Who are you working with?
Simon Wang: Oh, okay.
Simon Wang: Alright.
Simon Wang: And, Liu…
Simon Wang: Liu Qingcheng?
Simon Wang: Not here.
Simon Wang: Yang Yun Shen not here.
Simon Wang: Dong Cheng Hao.
Simon Wang: Oh, here. How about Old Lord Him?
Simon Wang: Okay, so it seems like,
Simon Wang: Four, four students are not here.
Simon Wang: But then we're… we're good, right? Other groups?
Simon Wang: So we have Group 1…
Simon Wang: Okay, so, Eric… Or is Eric?
Simon Wang: Okay, you, you can talk to, Hendrix a bit. That's Eric, that's Hendrix.
Simon Wang: How about, Hayden?
Simon Wang: Okay, so 3 of you. How about Alita?
Simon Wang: A little note here?
Simon Wang: Choi Ji-he?
Simon Wang: Okay, so four of you, you can talk a bit, and you can decide which topic you want to pursue.
Simon Wang: Have you got something?
Simon Wang: Maybe you can talk a bit, alright?
Simon Wang: So, we have group 1, good…
Simon Wang: 2 groups 3, let's renumber it.
Simon Wang: And we have group 4… And we have Group 5.
Simon Wang: Well, actually, I would hope… That's the number of groups we have.
Simon Wang: So, for the students who are not yet in the group, you better join one of the groups, rather than start the new groups.
Simon Wang: But, hoi your fun.
Simon Wang: Can you add other… your group member's name here? Yeah.
Simon Wang: Great, so it looks like, we are in business. Okay, we just have to, you know, finalize everything.
Simon Wang: Yeah, let's take a few minutes and, settle things down.
Simon Wang: Well, we are still at the early stage of,
Simon Wang: forming the group, so I'd be happy to, like, give you a little bit more, like, information in terms of what we're going to do.
Simon Wang: Now, if you come to… there's a subpage under week 3,
Simon Wang: You can see, I've got some document here.
Simon Wang: And I will update this document in a minute.
Simon Wang: So now, I'd like to, maybe go through some of the topics here.
Simon Wang: Oh, by the way.
Simon Wang: Joyce… And, your name is?
Simon Wang: Kell it.
Simon Wang: Ken, right? Ken is… Kenneth.
Simon Wang: So, what would you like to do?
Simon Wang: Maybe just put… just put down a topic first.
Simon Wang: What's the topic you want to…
Simon Wang: Well, actually… I'm open to investigate the Education Bureau's policy.
Simon Wang: All special education needs students.
Simon Wang: If that's something you want to do.
Simon Wang: You see what I mean?
Simon Wang: But then, it's up to you.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: So… So let me, let me just very quickly go through the…
Simon Wang: Go through the topics, Now, for fire services, There are different options.
Simon Wang: Because we have two groups who want to do file services, right?
Simon Wang: So my suggestion would be one group, You can consider The similar fire incidents.
Simon Wang: You know, it's very unfortunate that,
Simon Wang: We don't really learn lessons from history, right?
Simon Wang: Remember that, who said that? Higo said that?
Simon Wang: It's something like, the only thing we learn from the histories is that we don't learn anything from history.
Simon Wang: So, before the Hong Kong fire, the Taipo fire, there's actually some similar incidents, such as the one
Simon Wang: In London, 2017, and also… There's one, in Shanghai.
Simon Wang: And, and other cities as well.
Simon Wang: So… The question is.
Simon Wang: We would assume that the fire service department must have got a team that has been kind of following the news and curating all the information about the past fire incidents, right? There should be research being done on how to better understand
Simon Wang: the fire incidents, how… what lessons can be learned, how to prevent this incident from happening here in Hong Kong.
Simon Wang: So what we need to do is to approach the fire service department and ask them, do you have a team doing that?
Simon Wang: Okay? If you do have a team, then have you got any information on this past incident? What have you done with this information?
Simon Wang: Have you taken this into consideration when you…
Simon Wang: manage the whole system in Hong Kong for fire prevention.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: So that would be the question that this team should pursue.
Simon Wang: Alright.
Simon Wang: And I think that's a very important question, not just to going backwards and try to hold somebody accountable, it's also looking forward and see how the city can
Simon Wang: You know, learn from the past incidents from now on, so there won't be this kind of,
Simon Wang: Accidents and tragedy.
Simon Wang: Happening again.
Simon Wang: So… so… so that, that's, that's basically what this team should be, working on.
Simon Wang: Now, the second topic…
Simon Wang: Or direction for the other team also working on this topic is… actually, you can look into an emergency alert system.
Simon Wang: So, if you see here, this is a very simple, it's a very short letter.
Simon Wang: Why not put the emergency alert system to use? It is sadly ironic.
Simon Wang: that an emergency alert system costing 115 million Hong Kong dollars to set up came into operation 5 years
Simon Wang: To the day before last week's fire tragedy, it has been used only once.
Simon Wang: And there were many complaints about its use. Are we reluctant to use it? What would have been the outcome last Wednesday if the alert system had been used? Perhaps we could consider this for future emergencies. There could be emergency messages sent out, firstly, for people.
Simon Wang: To evacuate immediately, and secondly, for people to… and traffic to stay away from the area.
Simon Wang: Now… This question was raised
Simon Wang: just a few weeks, you know, or a week after the tragedy. But in the coming months.
Simon Wang: You know, there's a panel working on this incident now.
Simon Wang: And I'm sure that there will be more details coming out from that investigation.
Simon Wang: Okay? So once more information becomes available, we can then come back to this question again, and start asking the fire service department.
Simon Wang: What the hell are you doing?
Simon Wang: Right? In fact, before the tragedy.
Simon Wang: We approached the fire service department.
Simon Wang: and ask them how they plan to use emergency alert system. I can pull out that email.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: So that could be the… another direction.
Simon Wang: So, the two teams, you can, you can decide, alright?
Simon Wang: Nobody's working on eHouse.
Simon Wang: Anyone working in-house?
Simon Wang: Well, actually, there are quite a number of, letters on e-house.
Simon Wang: So, if you want to work on e-house, you can look it up.
Simon Wang: And one specific, area, anyone who wants to work in eHouse could look at the reimbursement for an insurance company, you know.
Simon Wang: Because when you got, a medical bill.
Simon Wang: Do you need to file for reimbursement? Right now, it's a very tedious process, right? You have to upload everything to a system, blah blah blah.
Simon Wang: But what if, you know, the minute you pay the hospital.
Simon Wang: The hospital will send the bill to the…
Simon Wang: insurance company, and then insurance company will deposit the money to me, you see what I mean?
Simon Wang: So, I don't understand why, it's so complicated now.
Simon Wang: So, if anyone who wants to do e-health, this could be the focus.
Simon Wang: And, nobody want to do a Legislative Council data access? Alright, then I won't talk about it.
Simon Wang: And public hospital fee reduction.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: Anyway, so…
Simon Wang: Now, for those who want to, look at the government app review.
Simon Wang: You might want to look at some of the letters we published in the past, focusing on 1823.
Simon Wang: Do you know 1823?
Simon Wang: So 1823 is a hotline, so if you dial 1823, there's a government team taking your phone.
Simon Wang: And, you, you tell the, the government
Simon Wang: staff, you know, what issue do you have, what questions do you have? Then they will try to answer your question.
Simon Wang: But if they cannot answer your question, then they will direct your inquiry to a specific department.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: So, this is a way to boost efficiency.
Simon Wang: And then, in addition to the hotline, 1823, there's also an app.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: So, we,
Simon Wang: We did this, project before, this was published back in… 2021, 5 years ago.
Simon Wang: And, We review the app, so you might want to look at this letter To learn about…
Simon Wang: how,
Simon Wang: We can, you know, do something similar for the new app, you know, if it's for that,
Simon Wang: Job vacancy app, you know, it… it could be done.
Simon Wang: Alright…
Simon Wang: So you see, actually, there are 3 letters published on the same app, so if you read all these letters, you will get a sense of what kind of critical review we can conduct on a particular app.
Simon Wang: Okay, and we have one student who's working on rare disease. I will follow up with him.
Simon Wang: Right.
Simon Wang: So, any, any questions so far?
Simon Wang: So, I need to… I need your, gmail.
Simon Wang: Not, not number, just… Gmail. It has to be Gmail.
Simon Wang: Because… Because we're using Google Docs.
Simon Wang: Okay, so, it seems like we are all settled, right? Anyone in this room?
Simon Wang: Does not have a group yet.
Simon Wang: And for those with the group, have you agreed on a topic?
Simon Wang: Yeah.
Simon Wang: Which one?
Simon Wang: Oh.
Simon Wang: This is your Gmail?
Simon Wang: Do your Gmail start with a number?
Simon Wang: This one.
Simon Wang: Can you… can you put your Gmail here? Or maybe ask your friends to help you.
Simon Wang: Who are you working with?
Simon Wang: Hoi, yo, do you guys, can you, can you talk?
Simon Wang: Maybe… yeah.
Simon Wang: Or you can WhatsApp me.
Simon Wang: your, your Gmail.
Simon Wang: What about Yang Yu- Yang Yun Yuan?
Simon Wang: Okay, anyway…
Simon Wang: So, that means… Let's see…
Simon Wang: Yeah, let's take a short break, I will update the Google Docs for you guys.
Simon Wang: Are you a good one? Yeah. Okay, so you haven't decided which, which topic to work on, right? Yeah, but… Okay.
Simon Wang: Oh, okay, so you're interested in that call, okay.
Simon Wang: So… So, Group 1 is, going to work on…
Simon Wang: Group 1 will be working on…
Simon Wang: legislative data access that we can talk more about.
Simon Wang: then, I… if I remember correctly, Group 2 will be working on file safety, right?
Simon Wang: So, group 2, we have Huy Yook Fan.
Simon Wang: We have, Chong Zhang Cheng Hao.
Simon Wang: And, Yang Yunyuan, and then Liu Jingcheng. Where's Liu Jingcheng?
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: Alright.
Simon Wang: So, that's group 2.
Simon Wang: Can you ask them for their Gmail…
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: Can you invite them over to the WhatsApp group?
Simon Wang: Zhang Zheng Hall, can you send me your Gmail?
Simon Wang: Is this one?
Simon Wang: Oh, yeah, that's it.
Simon Wang: Elvin, can you check your Gmail?
Simon Wang: Yes, I think, there could be a typo somewhere.
Simon Wang: Oh, okay, I, I saw it.
Simon Wang: No, there's something wrong.
Simon Wang: Yeah, L and X, you're more X, girl.
Simon Wang: X-O-O-R-M.
Simon Wang: What happened?
Simon Wang: You know what I'm wrong.
Simon Wang: Thanks.
Simon Wang: Okay, then you chat on your Gmail.
Simon Wang: B-R-C-C-Y-T3.
Simon Wang: Who's also you, Mom?
Simon Wang: At… huh?
Simon Wang: The San Jose Bell.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: So, I think we got… The groups, more or less.
Simon Wang: Settled. I mean, we still got a few,
Simon Wang: Students who haven't got a… got a group.
Simon Wang: But… if you…
Simon Wang: So, are you… Are you new?
Simon Wang: Do you have a group?
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: Okay, great. So, now, if you come to here, links to the Google Docs for each team,
Simon Wang: Which is… Under here, tasks to complete.
Simon Wang: So, each group has got one Google Docs.
Simon Wang: Alright, like, good, good one is right here.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: So, what you need to do is to create a, copy…
Simon Wang: of this table, so each team member will be, working on one table.
Simon Wang: Alright.
Simon Wang: So… If you copy this… This will become a template.
Simon Wang: For you to, collect the information.
Simon Wang: Now, this is the first step, okay? Remember the emergence alert system?
Simon Wang: we go to the Legislative Council website, we find some document about
Simon Wang: emergency loss system, we learned that, actually, there was an old system, and that system was used only
Simon Wang: Like, there's, like, 12 times being used in one year, but then in the past 10 years, you know, very few times.
Simon Wang: So that's actually a piece of document which is very important for our next step, which is to critically review the program and start asking questions for the government staff to answer.
Simon Wang: So, what we need to do today is, for each team member, To complete the table.
Simon Wang: It can start with just one table.
Simon Wang: And in that table, you need to find a document online. It could be a web page, it could be a newspaper article, it could be a government document.
Simon Wang: So everybody should be working on just one table.
Simon Wang: And to find that document, and you want to follow this format, which begins with the title of the document.
Simon Wang: The contributor would be you, so you put your name here, you contribute this article.
Simon Wang: the URL… Some facts that you identify in that article, some comments or questions you may have.
Simon Wang: Another piece of facts… some comments. If you want to add more, you can, you know, Insert rows below.
Simon Wang: And here you can put the full text, or if it's too long, then you can put some excerpts.
Simon Wang: So, full text, or… excerpts.
Simon Wang: Alright, and of course, you're still exploring, so…
Simon Wang: So, you know, this is something we have to kind of negotiate in the next 30 minutes or so. You can talk to your group members, and you can talk to me.
Simon Wang: But, I want to make sure that everybody know where to…
Simon Wang: do this work, so every team should go to Google Docs.
Simon Wang: But then for the two teams working on fire services, we have to make a decision now.
Simon Wang: So, which team will be working on which direction?
Simon Wang: So, Group 2, raise your hand.
Simon Wang: Okay, and group full, raise your hand.
Simon Wang: Okay, so there are two options.
Simon Wang: Option 1 is to look into, learning from the past.
Simon Wang: Okay, and option two is to looking at the emergency alert system, or how to alert the people.
Simon Wang: So there's two options, and then there's option number three, which is you… it's more open-ended. You can explore more, and you can decide later what is the focus. So you need to tell me now.
Simon Wang: Which option do you take?
Simon Wang: Learning from the past, and you are a group… 2. Okay.
Simon Wang: So that's first comes, first served.
Simon Wang: So, for the second team, do you want to look at emergency alert system, or do you want to try something else?
Simon Wang: So there are two options, right? But one option is already been taken by group one, which is look at the lessons from the past, how the fire service department learned from the past.
Simon Wang: And the second option is to look at emergency alert system or any other system for notified people during the fire.
Simon Wang: But then there's a third option, is you don't want to decide now, you can explore a bit more and decide later.
Simon Wang: Okay, good.
Simon Wang: So that means, you are open-ended.
Simon Wang: Great.
Simon Wang: So, for the other group.
Simon Wang: For the other group, I know Group 1 is working on Legislative Council data access, so maybe I should come back.
Simon Wang: And talk a little bit more about this.
Simon Wang: Now, for Legislative Council data access, One of the premises
Simon Wang: for this project is that the Legislative Council should be transparent And open to the public.
Simon Wang: So the members of the public should find it very easy and straightforward to locate information about the businesses at the Legislative Council.
Simon Wang: And to be more specific, we want to consider and explore how data is being
Simon Wang: Curated and being stored and made available to the public.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: That means there are different data sources we want to consider.
Simon Wang: Which would include… This particular website.
Simon Wang: So here you can see there's the Legislative Council databases, or you can actually search for it.
Simon Wang: So there's the members database, there's Members Interest Database, Bills Database, Database on Official Records of Proceedings, Rules Database, Research Publication Database.
Simon Wang: And also, Legislative Council Briefs database.
Simon Wang: So, a total of 7 databases, Would be, available.
Simon Wang: But then there's the… Eighth one, which, unfortunately, it didn't put it here.
Simon Wang: So, if you go to the…
Simon Wang: Open Data Portal.
Simon Wang: Well, actually, not here.
Simon Wang: So, if you go to this website, you can see that there's actually… One of the data providers
Simon Wang: is Legislative Council.
Simon Wang: Okay, so this link would give you a list of database, or data, you know, data sets.
Simon Wang: That are available through the… data portal of the Hong Kong government.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: So now, we've… we identified at least 7… databases.
Simon Wang: So there's this database, HTML, the page.
Simon Wang: And then, yeah, okay, I should put it here already.
Simon Wang: So the question would become, Can these different data sources still be… Consolidated.
Simon Wang: And how can the Legislative Council make it easier for the general public to access the information?
Simon Wang: Alright.
Simon Wang: Because if you look at these pages here, you know, there's all these different databases, But then…
Simon Wang: From the perspective of an ordinary member of the public, Do we find this… Databases useful.
Simon Wang: Or convenient to access.
Simon Wang: You see, there's an interface to search And there's a different, Government bureaus.
Simon Wang: Apparently, you can search, right? You can search for this Legislative Council briefs.
Simon Wang: But then immediately we can, contact the legislative council and say, this particular page, how many people have been using it in the past 12 months?
Simon Wang: Is that me?
Simon Wang: And that's the kind of data we can get from the Legislative Council, and then start evaluating whether this page is designed well enough.
Simon Wang: to attract people.
Simon Wang: But then, in addition to the UI,
Simon Wang: We need to ask for the raw data.
Simon Wang: Right? So the data should be available not just to UI, graphical user interface, it should be also made available through API, you know, for programming access.
Simon Wang: So that, that will be another, issue to explore.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: So the general goal of this project is to investigate to what extent the Legislative Council has made data publicly available, that is convenient for the public.
Simon Wang: And also, in what ways can this data access scheme to be improved?
Simon Wang: Which also includes… Programmatic access.
Simon Wang: Because if this information is become…
Simon Wang: Accessible through computer programming, then we can also explore how to, build new applications
Simon Wang: Based on this data, for example, a chatbot.
Simon Wang: Okay, a chapel that can answer questions about legislative council businesses. That might be something.
Simon Wang: We want to explore as well.
Simon Wang: I hope that makes sense, so that would be something you can work on.
Simon Wang: for this… Coors.
Simon Wang: Right.
Simon Wang: So… we got, I think there's a third hour I want to cover something else, but for…
Simon Wang: The next, you know, half an hour or so.
Simon Wang: I'd like each team to start exploring and looking for publicly available information.
Simon Wang: And, update the document assigned to you.
Simon Wang: Okay? So, and of course, you guys can… Have a short meeting.
Simon Wang: And, remember we talk about Site-specific search, so… Presumably, you want to… Try the site-specific search.
Simon Wang: So there's a second task you also want to complete today, or at least get started.
Simon Wang: is to… you know, curate.
Simon Wang: The publicly available information.
Simon Wang: Again, it's a Moodle.
Simon Wang: But, before you reply anything to Moodle, you want to first update the Google Docs.
Simon Wang: And then you can add a link.
Simon Wang: in your Moodle reply to tell people what you have done.
Simon Wang: For creating the information.
Simon Wang: Because once we have more information curated or collected, then we can start reviewing them, and then we can start asking questions for the government staff to answer. So that will be something we can discuss next week. But for this week.
Simon Wang: Our main focus is to… to find more information.
Simon Wang: Now, one last thing I would,
Simon Wang: remind you before I let you work on this.
Simon Wang: Is that when you're looking for information that is publicly available on a topic.
Simon Wang: You want to have some kind of hypothesis.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: And, that means you want to start thinking, you know.
Simon Wang: What could be something that the government can do to improve this program.
Simon Wang: Of course, at this stage, it's very hard to…
Simon Wang: make any conclusion, right? Because we haven't done the research. But you need to have some kind of gut feeling, you need to have some kind of intuition about,
Simon Wang: You know, what is the area where the government can do a better job?
Simon Wang: So, you need to have that sense
Simon Wang: So, kind of… some kind of hypothesis that you can test.
Simon Wang: With the real data.
Simon Wang: But the hypothesis will guide you to look for the documents. If you have no idea, you know, exactly what
Simon Wang: you're looking for, I mean, Of course, not exactly, but… but some sense of what you're looking for.
Simon Wang: Then you may not be able to find what you need, okay?
Simon Wang: So, that's why, to have this…
Simon Wang: you know, hypothesis, this, in terms of what the government can do a better job. That's very important. But I think for most teams, you already got
Simon Wang: This sense, right?
Simon Wang: Good morning, good cue!
Simon Wang: So you guys want to do Scammitar?
Simon Wang: Actually, last semester, the two team students already did that.
Simon Wang: So, and we kind of hit a dead end there, because the police is not very collaborative.
Simon Wang: offering data.
Simon Wang: So, I would suggest you try something else. In fact, I think the government recruitment app, the Civil Service Bureau app, could be very good.
Simon Wang: So I would suggest you stick to that.
Simon Wang: Cause, yeah.
Simon Wang: That's very unfortunate, but, we, we actually published a letter on that.
Simon Wang: I think we did.
Simon Wang: Okay, so this, this is the news, but then we, we, we, we had a…
Simon Wang: Anyway…
Simon Wang: Okay, so yeah, so maybe you can start working on, the… the… the tasks?
Simon Wang: And let me know if you got any… Questions?